Welcome back!
Previously, we discussed stakeholders and
the important
security roles they
play within an organization.
Now, let's explore the role you
play in communicating
with those stakeholders.
The information that's
communicated to
stakeholders is sensitive.
For example,
if you send an email to
stakeholders about a
recent security breach,
it's important to be mindful of
what you communicate and
who you communicate to.
Different stakeholders
may need to be
informed about different issues.
As a result, your
communications with them
need to be clear,
concise, and focused.
Security is a detail-driven
profession,
so it's essential that
you stay mindful of
the details when sending
your communications.
Stakeholders are
very busy people.
Your communication
should be precise,
avoid unnecessary
technical terms,
and have a clear purpose.
You don't want them to
have to guess the reason
for your email or why
it matters to them.
To help with this,
ask your manager or
immediate supervisors
questions to find out
what the stakeholders you
communicate with need to know.
As you may recall, earlier
we discussed what it means
to have a security mindset.
A part of that
mindset means asking
questions about the assets
and data you're protecting.
For example, you could ask:
What's the most
important data to
protect on a daily basis?
Or, what security tool has been
most important or
useful to protect
our data and assets?
Having a security
mindset also means
understanding what matters
most to stakeholders,
so you know what information
to share with them.
Effective communication
involves relaying
only the information that is
most relevant to stakeholders.
Staying informed
about security issues
helps stakeholders do their
jobs more effectively.
Your role in communicating with
stakeholders is to help them
obtain that information.
This is yet another
example of how
essential your role is
within a security team.
Coming up, we'll discuss
the information that is
most important to communicate
with stakeholders.